# Angular-Project
This is a project that revolves around using Angular to build a recipe book website where users can create an account to keep track of their recipes.  First when the user registers a new account, they will be taken to the main page which will list all of the recipes that they have.  Since it is a new account, this page will be blank with only the "New Recipe" button that they can click to create a new recipe.  For the new recipe they first add the recipe name and a short description about it, then a picture representing what the recipe will be making.  After that, they will add the ingredients for the recipe by clicking the button "Add Ingredient" which will have the ingredient name and the amount for the ingredient.  Then there will be a section to add a list of cooking instructions below that.  After they are done with all of this they can click the option to "Save" or "Discard" the current recipe.  If they click "Save" it will save the recipe into the list that they have and will show up in the main page.  If they click "Discard" it will return them back to the main page and discard everything that is typed.  Before it actually discards it though, it will have a confirmation message asking if they really want to discard the changes that they have made in case it was a missclick.  After adding the new recipe to the list, they can select a recipe to start on.  This time when viewing the recipe, there will be an option alongside the ingredients list that are clickable.  If they check the box beside the ingredients list then it will mean that they have this ingredient.  All of the ingredients that have not been checked will be added into another section called the "Shopping List" which represents the ingredients they still need to complete the recipe.  If they have finished getting the things from the shopping list they can clear the shopping list.  
